
00:00:33 Speaker 1
There's a silver one. I think it's got... I don't know.
00:01:14 Speaker 1
I don't know why it's actually spicy.
00:01:59 Speaker 1
It's more like the arrows at the bottom. That's hard. Yeah. I do want to get out. I want to get out.
00:03:56 Speaker 1
Thank you. It's a really cool thing to do. Yeah.
00:05:18 Speaker 1
I don't want to get up and roll and come back here so tired. I could cross over and that's all I can do. I don't want to get up and come back here so tired.
00:05:59 Speaker 2
Welcome, all of you, to Imprint's case briefing information session. Can you guys hear me? If you can hear me clearly, nod slow. Yeah, that's the same exact way that you're going to nod if we mess up, because otherwise we're going to get fired by our code. So, welcome again, and we are so excited to have you all here. My name is Haya. And my name is Alicia.
00:06:23 Speaker 3
And we're here to introduce you guys to our case sponsors for this year's competition, and also tell you guys a little bit more about the competition timeline and format. So, before we get started, we would first like to do a land acknowledgement, that we are situated on the traditional, ancestral, and unceded territory of the Musqueam, Squamish, and Tsleil-Waututh people. We are grateful to be able to live, work, learn, and play on this land.
00:06:53 Speaker 2
Thank you, Alicia. So to begin, we're going to do a quick rundown of our itinerary for tonight. So we're going to give you guys a quick overview of the competition, the preliminary round, everything to do with that. And then we're going to hand it off to company presentations from our sponsor companies, as well as a Q&A so that you guys can get the opportunity to ask any questions you may have. We will then take a break at 6.50, where you guys can enjoy the snacks we have on both sides of the table.
00:07:23 Speaker 2
and also get to mingle, perhaps form groups for the competition that's coming up. And then at 7.10, we will have a Q&A with past winners of the imprint case competition, so that you guys can get first-hand knowledge into how to improve your presentation and essentially just everything you can do to make yourself a better candidate. And then finally, we'll close up at 7.40 with our closing.
00:07:52 Speaker 3
All right, thank you. Hi. So for our timeline for this year, our registration has already opened for our case competition on January 5th. So if you haven't already, get together some friends and register before it closes on January 14th. Right after it closes on January 15th, the case will be released and you have around a week to work on it to finalize everything before it is due on January 23rd. After that, we will look at your slide decks and then pick out the finalists, which will be announced on January 25th. And finally, the finalists that get selected will be presenting live at our imprint conference February 1st at Weston Bayshore.
00:08:35 Speaker 2
So I'm just going to touch into a little bit more detail with that. So, essentially how this is going to go is you all are going to form groups of three to four people, and then with your group, you're going to choose a stream in which you want to participate. There are three streams, Disney, L'Oreal, and Adobe. They're all different, and our case sponsor representatives will go much more into detail on that shortly.
00:09:05 Speaker 2
But essentially, when it comes to Disney, you have to submit a slide deck of three to five pages, whereas for L'Oreal and Adobe, the slide deck is maximum ten pages. And then, once these have been submitted, Imprint's team, we're going to look over these presentations that you have submitted, and we are going to basically, will tell you guys finalists and there will be three top finalists from each team so nine in.
00:09:40 Speaker 2
total three from adobe three from disney and three from l'oreal and then we the imprint exact team will coach the winning finalists or the finalist team and essentially we are going to help you go through your entire presentation what you can do to improve and essentially everything that you need to know again to be a better candidate and then those same nine teams are going to be the ones that will head on over to the case competition on february 1st to compete and the finalist.
00:10:12 Speaker 2
teams so the teams that make it to the finals round they will be fully reimbursed for their ticket.
00:10:19 Speaker 3
all right so more details about the conference as mentioned three teams per case will be chosen so that's nine finalists total that will be presenting at the conference february 1st at western bayshore that's important information um and depending on which stream you choose we have two different types of presentation format for disney your team will have five minutes to present and pitch your ideas followed by a five-minute q a session with the respective judges and for l'oreal and adobe you.
00:10:50 Speaker 3
would have seven minutes to present your case and then followed by also a five-minute q a session, with your judges and for the presentations on the conference day unlike the preliminary round there are no limits on the slides but keep in mind we do have the five minute and seven minute time limit so just make sure you don't go over that and once again you will be presenting, live and if you win uh no you don't have to win as long as you're selected as a finalist.
00:11:19 Speaker 2
will get your ticket members all right so you're probably wondering like well what are these different streams what does it mean to compete in disney versus l'oreal versus adobe and to help clear some of that we are going to be introducing and welcoming our case sponsored representatives who will go deeper into exactly what the company is and what their case will be should i start off.
00:11:53 Speaker 2
can everyone hear me is that okay hello so thank you so much for being here today we're just quickly getting our zoo set up and we're so happy to have you and we're going to start with quick introductions but before we begin we actually have jessica from l'oreal here in person if we could all start with a round of applause so jessica would you like to begin with an intro.
00:12:23 Speaker 4
hi everyone my name is jessica i'm in my fourth year at solder specializing in marketing and last summer i was an intern at l'oreal on their american makeup brand so maybe nixon se and today i will be going over the world with you guys all right thank you jessica and then next.
00:12:44 Speaker 5
we can move on to disney hello hello sorry for cutting in there um hope everyone can hear me okay not too loud too quiet um my name is regis i'm essentially your disney plus case rep, um for imprint this year uh disney's first time at this um conference so it'll be kind of an interesting thing to see i'm hoping people get excited at the the concept of of um working on something disney related because i know it's a very beloved brand um yeah i've been on the disney plus brand marketing team for about a year so i'm excited to sort of bring some entertainment.
00:13:16 Speaker 5
you know sort of flair to the conference but yeah nice to meet you guys.
00:13:20 Speaker 2
Thank you so much. And then finally, Adobe.
00:13:25 Speaker 6
Hi, everyone. I'm Kate. I am a digital strategy analyst at Adobe based in the San Francisco office. I was actually a UBC grad. I graduated last year from the Faculty of Arts. So there might be some familiar faces in the room. I'm not sure. But I was an intern at the Tokyo office doing go-to-market and sales operations. And then I converted full-time. I work on the digital strategy group right now, which is Adobe's in-house strategy consulting team.
00:13:55 Speaker 2
All right. Thank you, everybody, so much for those introductions. And now we will go into each company will give their presentation a bit more about the company and what they have to offer this year at Imprint. Do you want to start, Jessica. 
00:14:08 Speaker 4
Sure. So who here has heard of L'Oreal? Yeah. The majority of you guys here know what L'Oreal is, but more specifically, the case will be on CeraVe, which how many of you guys knew that was a brand, within the L'Oreal portfolio? Okay, a good amount of you. So CeraVe is within L'Oreal's dermatology division, where they have other brands such as Vichy, La Roche-Posay, SkinCeuticals, which is more of a premium brand,
00:14:40 Speaker 4
and CeraVe specifically is more accessible. That's one of the things that kind of makes CeraVe stand apart from the other brands in the dermatology department. And your guys' case will be on CeraVe. They recently launched a new haircare line. Because historically, CeraVe is known for skincare, and it's very dermatology, it's rooted in dermatology and backed by dermatologists. That's one of the key things about CeraVe.
00:15:10 Speaker 4
that you guys should include in your case and should remember. But, obviously, as the trend has moved towards having hair care as a part of your skin care routine, CeraVe has launched their own hair care line. And this includes an anti-dandruff hair care line. So that's kind of what your guys' ask is going to be about. You guys are going to be coming up with some sort of campaign on how to really bring this product into the forefront of people's minds.
00:15:41 Speaker 4
Because obviously, when you think of CeraVe, you're probably thinking of skin care. So, how can they compete in the highly competitive hair care market? Especially when L'Oréal themselves have an entire division dedicated to hair care, their professional products division. And also, with anti-dandruff shampoos, one of the biggest competitors is Head & Shoulders. So how can you differentiate CeraVe from this highly competitive market and stand out? Another thing you should know about CeraVe is with their marketing and their entire brand, they like to be kind of quirky.
00:16:18 Speaker 4
So they had a campaign with Michael Cera, I think that was his name? Yeah. It was a Super Bowl campaign, and they pretended that he was the founder of CeraVe, but then kind of came in and showed that it was actually created by dermatologists. That's something that they always go back to, dermatologists being a very scientifically-backed brand. They also, when they launched their anti-dandruff line, they used a lot of.
00:16:53 Speaker 4
hints, I guess, on social media when they first started out. So they had, Anthony Davis, the NBA player, and Charlie D'Amelio, show up in a bunch of paparazzi photos with just some quirky little pieces and people, and this caused virality online where people are like, what is going on? Why is Anthony Davis holding this giant, container full of CeraVe? And then it was later revealed that they were launching a new haircare line.
00:17:23 Speaker 4
And with it, they're trying to de-stigmatize Dandruff because obviously there's a little bit of a misconception of where Dandruff comes from and, with their campaigns, they're kind of trying to de-stigmatize it. So those are some of the key details of, CeraVe and the case and a little bit on what the case ask is.
00:17:54 Speaker 4
Thank you, Jessica, for that introduction to the case and L'Oreal. Can we, next up, can we get Disney to do a little introduction about the case and the company as well. 
00:18:06 Speaker 5
Absolutely. Great. I don't think I'm going to ask if people know what Disney is, and I'm hoping you do. Hopefully clear enough. I did want to differentiate that this case will be Disney Plus specific. I'm again on the Disney Plus brand marketing team. So if you were hoping for a very traditional magic, wonder, Mickey, that sort of thing, it could be incorporated into the case, but this is coming more from the streaming side. So I won't give too much background on what Disney Plus is because again, it's the streaming service for Disney. I'm sure you're very familiar with all of our biggest competitors because you probably subscribe to them. Again, these are all very well known brands and things, but the essential rundown for the Disney Plus case is that the company has essentially launched a new initiative, specifically a loyalty program. And this is specific to Canada because it's already existed.
00:18:57 Speaker 5
for the company in the US and other areas or other countries before and essentially the idea is to create a campaign around the launch of this loyalty program that sort of increases awareness and engagement for the specific program so this is essentially a traditional media campaign but what I want to catch all people with is the opportunity to consider the tone the channels the creativity that might resonate with the Canadian on specifically there's always a.
00:19:30 Speaker 5
challenge with marketing something that's already well known to consumers because, if you assume what a Disney philosopher or a Disney campaign looks like you kind of have a picture in your mind already but part of the case is challenging people with, With the introduction of a new campaign or a new offering within the ecosystem, is how to use a prior brand perception for the brand and further it or extend it to new audiences, that sort of thing. So essentially, new loyalty program for Disney Plus.
00:20:02 Speaker 5
i'm asking you guys to create a campaign there are a couple things the campaign that i would like to see specifically one is how this campaign can specifically tailor to canadians again disney's an american company so there's nuances between advertising to the us and canadians even though it might not seem super different there is a partnerships aspect as well so in the case we ask you to think about um again with canadian consumers in mind what brands could disney partner.
00:20:33 Speaker 5
with to sort of stretch and strengthen uh engagement in canada specifically and the brand session there um and there is one other point about how to again take previous brand love brand reception and further that into the case um in terms of what i'm looking for in this case specifically it is smaller i would assume than a, be it l'oreal so it's all about the creativity of your ideas and what you pitch and the reasoning, So if every recommendation is backed by data, that is a plus for Disney.
00:21:07 Speaker 5
I think that does cover all of it. And yeah, we'll get into questions later. But preliminary idea for Disney, loyalty program, creative reasoning. And yeah, hopefully that covers it for now.
00:21:21 Speaker 3
Thank you very much for that introduction. And last but not least, can we get an introduction from Adobe. 
00:21:34 Speaker 6
Yeah, of course. So before I get into the case for Adobe. i just want to start off with the basics of what adobe like is and what kind of products we sell so i think most of you know adobe with our creative tools that are more b2c business to consumer like photoshop is a huge legacy product um we also have major enterprise products for b2b so we provide a lot of marketing and data solutions to a lot of bigger brands um which is on the b2b side, but for this case specifically it'll be for the advanced stream and you'll be stepping.
00:22:09 Speaker 6
into the shoes of a marketing team at adobe for the b2c side specifically on adobe premiere pro, so for those who don't know adobe premiere pro it's a professional video editing tool and it's a tool that a lot of creators whether amateur or not a lot of hollywood filmmakers use to cut and edit and polish their videos so whether you're filming a tick tock or a vlog or a full feature film premiere pro is really designed to help creators, make high.
00:22:39 Speaker 6
quality content with flexibility and also with that creative conversion in mind. and so with our case the challenge is to think about how do we can better connect with the next generation of creators so think gen z people your age is 18 to 24 who are really shaping the next generation of the culture of the platforms like tick tock and reels and youtube so our asks specifically is asking for a comprehensive one-year marketing campaign that positions.
00:23:11 Speaker 6
adobe premiere pro as the essential tool for the next generation of aspiring digital creators, who really want to take their content to the next level and so the on a high level a lot of the themes here are content supply chain um we're looking at creativity especially that's for a company like adobe that's to be on brand um strong reasoning and understanding of the competitive landscape and how adobe premiere pro can really differentiate itself, whether that's the products or the consumers uh what is our competitive advantage here in the.
00:23:46 Speaker 6
creator landscape. We also want to see an understanding of today's creator ecosystem and especially since this is targeting ages 18 to 24 we really want to see that more youthful gen z creative energy and creative ideas in this case. So I think throughout you'll be able to explore how we can empower the next generation of creators. If you're really into content supply chain, creator economy, I think this would be a really great case for you to delve into but I'm.
00:24:18 Speaker 3
happy to answer any questions as well. Thank you Adobe, L'Oreal, and Disney for their amazing introductions and after hearing about all about the case and the company we're now going to open up the floor to any questions you guys might have so feel free to raise your hand for any clarifications about the case.
00:24:50 Speaker 2
For any of the campings, do we have a monetary budget that we need to keep in mind, or a rough idea? Is there a monetary budget we need to keep in mind while designing the campings. 
00:25:15 Speaker 6
Yes. We would like to see budget allocations and a realistic financial overview. There is no hard-set number that we're looking for, but I think we would like to see things like success metrics. I think there's a lot of publicly available data that you can use for the financials, so I would recommend looking into that as well.
00:25:43 Speaker 2
For the business, seeing as your slides, how many recommendations. 
00:25:52 Speaker 5
Great question. Seeing as you have only three to five slides, I would definitely try to keep it as concise as possible. I would keep to one or two. I am okay with if you guys want to sort of go beyond that, but again, with the amount of time you have and the amount of actual real estate, slide real estate you have, it's probably better to go with fewer well-reasoned, super creative ideas than too many ideas that might be too confusing. So, probably the less the better. I'd stick to one to two, but again, no concrete sort of range there. But yeah, that's my recommendation.
00:26:33 Speaker 7
I think on the scram stories, someone asked if there's a difference between, if there's going to be a beginner stream and an advanced stream within the Disney sector as well, and the answer was yes on the stories. I just wanted to bring that up again. Is that still something that's happening, or is Disney kind of just this one in between, not beginner or advanced level. 
00:26:56 Speaker 5
Yeah, I can speak to this. So for Disney, it'll just be one level. Again, I tried to keep the case sort of simple and open, so if you wanted to essentially curate something in advance, you really could, but that's not necessarily what we were looking for. So one level, simple, open, that's cool with me.
00:27:30 Speaker 5
Just out of curiosity, do we have an idea of who the judges and how we will be assessed. 
00:27:43 Speaker 8
Yeah, I'll answer that question. Regis was going to be judging the Disney case, Kate is going to be on the panel for Adobe, and L'Oreal, we'll have two reps flying in from Montreal. At the moment, we cannot release their finalized details because that's still in the works, and the rubrics will also be released after the case competition so that you guys can get a more comprehensive idea of the feedback that has been given to you on your presentations.
00:28:15 Speaker 8
Does that answer your question? Yeah? Awesome. Perfect. Let's move on.
00:28:21 Speaker 9
I have a question for Disney. For the loyalty program, I kind of wanted to ask if you could have more context on what it's about. I know different loyalty programs have different reasons why they want customers, so if you could expand on that for them.
00:28:41 Speaker 5
For sure, yeah. I'm trying to figure out how to do this without giving away too much. That's actually written in the case, but I can give you, information that this loyalty program is Disney Plus specific, and it's already live in market. This is, essentially a case that surrounds a program called Disney Plus Perks. I'm not sure if anyone's actually signed up to it, but, it is, something that is attached to the streaming service, but.
00:29:11 Speaker 5
depending on the partnerships that you pitch and depending on the partnerships that already exist and may already exist, it could kind of go beyond, the streaming landscape in a way. So it's not, necessarily a very rigid loyalty program currently, but, you could sort of, construe it that way in your case, based on what exists in it.
00:29:42 Speaker 5
um publicly already but i don't know if that was helpful i hope that was but yes it's disney plus.
00:29:48 Speaker 10
perks i think once you see that also just to jump in really quickly the cases are going to be.
00:30:00 Speaker 8
released on the jan 15th off right so when you get those emails you will have some kind of criteria there in the email back to the rubric question obviously the finalized rubrics will be released after the case comes you'll still have some kind of criteria guiding your process for making these presentations any more questions uh for disney adobe or l'oreal we have uh uh jessica here as well to answer any l'oreal related questions obviously kate any other questions.
00:30:34 Speaker 2
Alright, if we have no further questions, then actually Imprint has some questions to ask of you guys, in case whoever wants to answer that, just to clarify some things. So, from your experience, what are some common mistakes that teens make in their presentations, even when they have strong ideas. 
00:31:00 Speaker 4
I would say not being specific enough. A lot of the times when people don't do well, it's they're giving a general idea, or they're giving an idea that the company has already done. When these companies are asking for you to present to them, they're asking you to bring innovative ideas that they probably wouldn't have ever thought of. So, being really unique in the way that you think, and then also being very specific, giving key metrics. Implementation plans are very important in bringing an entire well-rounded idea.
00:31:37 Speaker 3
Thank you. And does any other Adobe or Disney have anything to add to that. 
00:31:44 Speaker 6
I think for Adobe, because our main product for the case is Premiere Pro, I would really suggest trying it out and being an actual user first and seeing the interface, things like that, really diving deep into the product and the features. And then understanding what is it that differentiates itself from other competitors. So I think trying it out yourself, I would say, is like a huge plus that you would probably have if you were to work on the case.
00:32:17 Speaker 2
Thank you. And then finally, Disney.
00:32:21 Speaker 5
Yeah, I can throw in my thoughts here. I would say one important thing when working on, if anyone chooses to work on the Disney case, is try to avoid vagueness as much as possible. Because it's a more creative case, it'll be very short. I really think that simple and concise ideas are really much more valuable than ones that are a little bit ambiguous or a little bit not explained super well. So don't be afraid of simplicity if it's well-reasoned.
00:32:54 Speaker 5
And yeah, if I could tie that into the Disney Plus case specifically, I would say, yeah, avoid the vagueness. And jumping off of a previous point, try to avoid something that the company potentially has already done if you're looking for innovation. Or if you do choose to do something similar, reason it well. Hope that helps.
00:33:18 Speaker 2
Thank you. So we're seeing a lot about being specific and also having original ideas that are innovative and something that can really wow the judges. Do we have any more questions? Okay. If not, we can move on to another general question for the panel to answer. How should students balance creativity versus being realistic when developing their marketing strategies? For example, in terms of budget or time, etc. L'Oreal, if you'd like to go first.
00:33:47 Speaker 4
There are ways that you can do really creative things with a limited budget. I'd say everything goes back to if it's feasible and within budget, because in the real world, you are working with a budget. And if it's not within budget, it's not going to get approved. So try to think in that perspective. There are ways to look at things, look at ways to do things cheaper or even have free ways of marketing. What are some of the things that you've learned from L'Oreal? user-generated content and other ways of less costly marketing material so just be creative.
00:34:21 Speaker 4
think really big but also think of how you can do it in a cost-effective way all right thank you.
00:34:29 Speaker 2
and next we'll go with adobe i think um you could be creative in the way that you deliver your.
00:34:39 Speaker 6
your pitch or your um your slides as well so i do think when it comes to numbers and timelines and financials that should be rooted in like realistic realism but i think when it comes to um, slides and delivery i think that's also a huge opportunity to be creative thank you and finally.
00:35:00 Speaker 5
disney yeah when it comes to the disney case um i'll be explicit and that there are no, rigid financials so if, Any teens really want to go all out with their ideas, by all means, it's encouraged, I would say. But I will say, try to infer and assume, and do this within reason. I think with Disney specifically,
00:35:30 Speaker 5
you can kind of guess or kind of infer, how much spend would be put against something that is a big splash versus a little splash. And part of the challenge is up to you to determine that, which again, I know this is a debate and it's very sorry about that, but I will say, think big and don't be too constrained by financials. Again, if you're assuming anything, about whether something is too expensive or not expensive enough, infer that and assume that and make that assumption clear.
00:36:02 Speaker 8
And just to add to that, and to really emphasize as well, the L'Oreal and Adobe are going to be marketing strategy cases, and Disney is the marketing innovation challenge. So I would recommend approaching those cases with that mindset, thinking of things more strategically if you're attempting L'Oreal and Adobe, and thinking of things more from the outside-of-the-box perspective or coming up with more creative ideas, without really the restrictions of the tech project as Richard mentioned. Thinking from that perspective if you're attempting Disney.
00:36:30 Speaker 2
All right. Thank you to the panel and to Sid. And now if anyone has any questions. This is your one chance to talk to the judges. Honestly, make use of this time while you can, guys. You want to win it.
00:36:48 Speaker 10
You can ask them, what's your favorite color? Maybe you can incorporate that in your slides, you know. 
00:36:55 Speaker 2
Okay, so we'll ask one more panel question. Maybe you guys can, like some question will spark up in that time. But our final panel question is, for students doing their first case competitions, what would be your advice on how to start or approach a case from the very beginning to set them up for success. 
00:37:14 Speaker 4
I'd say think really, think big but feasible. As I was saying with the previous question, obviously these are really big brands and they do a lot, but also like what is going to have the most ROI, what is going to have the most impact. This is a marketing strategy case, so with marketing you're not really creating a new product.
00:37:51 Speaker 4
bring this product to the forefront of people's minds and how can you have the most impact with that think really about impact and what it comes with uh market all right thank you and then as.
00:38:09 Speaker 2
we have got a little thing going we'll go next to the adobe i think it would be really helpful.
00:38:17 Speaker 6
to put yourselves in the shoes of the target consumer so in this case it is gen z it is, people ages around like 18 to 20 24. um and to think and to put yourself in those shoes and think like what kind of content do they want to make what would be their main challenges, what are some blockers that they have right now with other tools that are existing so i think, Perspective and I think being able to think about it in terms of that specific demographic that you're trying to target would be a tip.
00:38:51 Speaker 6
that I have.
00:38:58 Speaker 5
Yeah, my one tip may not be super straightforward so apologize in advance, but I would say to anyone participating in the Disney case or any case in particular, Is to put yourself in the shoes of not only the consumer but in the shoes of a marketer that's not currently, taking marketing classes so i'll try to make a distinction because i know, that you learn things in class in a very certain way it could be rigid could be not but sometimes in the actual workforce whether you guys have done internships or not some things are a little bit.
00:39:29 Speaker 5
different and in terms of when you're presenting something to an exec or someone that has more decision-making power than you conciseness is always a big thing and there are nuances to how you present the information sometimes i find even regular assignments things like flowery language or very lengthy um answers can sometimes score you some extra points um but in this case put yourself in the shoes of a marketer that has something riding on um what you're presenting and i think.
00:40:02 Speaker 5
that should hopefully change um your thinking you know in a little bit but that's my advice hopefully it's good hopefully it helps.
00:40:10 Speaker 2
Thank you so much. It's definitely good advice, and we hope that you all got to learn a lot from these responses. So one last final call for any questions. Oh, yes.
00:40:24 Speaker 11
This is for Regis, but I was just wondering, what's your favorite Disney Plus feature and why. 
00:40:33 Speaker 5
So, just to clarify, my favorite feature, like of the platform? Yeah. Or feature as in movie? Just like anything. Okay, well, I'm going to do this without shilling too crazily. I'd say my favorite feature of the platform is probably, we just got a new UI. So the actual Disney Plus landing page and how you search through different shows looks very different than what it did. I think it's like a rolling loss.
00:41:04 Speaker 5
I'm not sure if everyone who subscribed actually sees this currently, but it's on the way in the works. But yeah, it's just a lot better, you can find very entertaining shows a lot faster. But again, with any streaming service, there's a bunch of things I would love to improve, and see how it'll get better over time. But yeah, new UI, looks good, it's simple, it's clean, better to find new shows.
00:41:29 Speaker 2
Alright, thank you. We've got a next question for you.
00:41:32 Speaker 12
Thank you. This question is for Kate. So now that we talked about putting ourselves in the consumer's shoes, thinking of Gen Z, I'm wondering, in this case of creating the marketing strategy, are we at all considering introducing any new features to Adobe, or maybe a new pricing strategy. 
00:41:54 Speaker 6
Not for new features. Pricing could be an aspect, but it's more so like a one-year marketing plan. So it wouldn't be introducing a new feature for the product. It would be more so like the marketing strategy itself.
00:42:08 Speaker 12
Okay, so we're dealing with whatever Adobe already has and we're just trying to get it to the forefront of the cut.
00:42:14 Speaker 2
Yeah, exactly. Thank you. Thank you. Any last questions? Just about the slide deck. Is it supposed to be more report style with more detail-oriented? Or do you think there's a more presentation style of the deck. 
00:42:31 Speaker 8
Oh, I can take that. It's going to be more presentation style and board style. Think of storytelling, how you can create a better through a complex or a PowerPoint platform.
00:42:43 Speaker 2
And this one over here. So this question is for L'Oréal. From the marketing side of things, what culture do you think L'Oréal is trying to cultivate in terms of how they portray themselves. 
00:43:03 Speaker 4
For Sarah Bae specifically, I would say very scientifically backed and kind of quirky. Those are the two main aspects of Sarah Bae that I think you should...
00:43:19 Speaker 2
Alright, any more questions? Okay, it seems like that is it. So can we please get a massive round of applause. We just want to say thank you all again for being here today and it has been so helpful for not only us to learn more about it but also for all of you guys who I'm sure are going to implement all the advice that you have learned.
00:43:49 Speaker 2
And now what we're going to do is we're going to open up the floor to snacks, to networking, take a break, and we will meet you guys back here at 6.50 and 7.10. And before we go, can we get a big goodbye so they can see you guys right here? Okay, thank you everyone so much. Goodbye. And you guys are all free to go on your breaks now.
00:44:42 Speaker 1
Thank you.
00:45:16 Speaker 13
What's your name? Udbhav. Masal.
00:45:23 Speaker 14
Masal. 
00:45:23 Speaker 13
Yeah.
00:45:24 Speaker 14
It's a very nice painting.
00:45:25 Speaker 13
Are you trying to...
00:45:26 Speaker 14
Yeah, yeah, I am. I am. What about you. 
00:45:30 Speaker 13
I'm just figuring out the team, but I think... Me too.
00:45:32 Speaker 14
Me too, I'm figuring out the team. I think...
00:45:36 Speaker 13
I might do with my friends. I might not. I have no idea. Yeah, yeah. But which one are you trying to do. 
00:45:44 Speaker 14
Again, I am first focusing on the team right now. Yeah. Performing a team.
00:45:48 Speaker 13
But once you decide, which one do you want to do? I think...
00:45:52 Speaker 14
I like I like all of them actually and I'm and I was thinking I might even I might even. because I really want to put some time into this and make it really.
00:46:23 Speaker 14
good and I think there's good scope of getting into the final from what I'm thinking yeah so yeah sorry no not yet not yet yeah I'm waiting on it yeah once once I have just declared today well why which one. Oh, you're major you're saying? Oh, I'm actually in fourth year computer science. What? Oh, okay, okay.
00:46:53 Speaker 14
Yeah, yeah, computer science. But I do a lot of business case competitions and hackathons. And I love these kind of competitions. Recently, I was representing Canada in France for a competition. That's so cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I like L'Oréal too because it's French. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, I am. Yeah. So that's where I'm at. And I've also developed a kind of a, you know, I've been participating in quite a few case competitions and hackathons.
00:47:27 Speaker 14
And I've developed a software for myself to, like, to be able to put this information cohesively. And yeah, I mean, yeah. So for what year are you in? Two and a half years. Two and a half years, yeah. That's cool, that's cool. How many friends of yours have participated? I think I have two.
00:47:55 Speaker 13
I don't know where they went but they should be here. We can team up. Yeah, yeah, we can team up.
00:48:05 Speaker 14
Wait, let me grab her a contact. Take my LinkedIn probably. Sure. I just put in my name.
00:48:32 Speaker 1
You don't have to. What. 
00:48:36 Speaker 13
How do you know him? He might. These are my friends.
00:48:42 Speaker 1
Udbhav. You have to say that again. Udbhav. I will try sparingly. Pleasure meeting you. Nice to meet you.
00:49:02 Speaker 14
I really love the challenge. I think I like because I have studied L'Oreal a bit for another case competition actually so, I can just because I can think more in that direction with the information I already have I really like that concept because I am able to think more creatively as of this moment but I am sure Disney and Adobe would have a lot of I have a feeling that Adobe.
00:49:33 Speaker 1
would be fun. I like it so much. I knew you were going to say that. I was like, why is it not the big beginner one? Because I know I'm probably not going to work it. It's my passion. It is different. It is like one year back. She doesn't like it. What? It's poison. Why did you get it?
00:50:05 Speaker 1
I'm going to try it. I'm sorry about that. It's not your dinner. Huh? You didn't eat breakfast? No.
00:50:13 Speaker 13
I had breakfast. I fucking ate. And then I had coffee and bagel around noon. That's it. How about diet. 
00:50:27 Speaker 1
That's what you say every time. No, you know, he said they're cutting forward too. I'm cutting. The cutting is just like not eating forward. Yeah. Yeah, go, okay, I was gonna say go, but I'm not gonna do it now. That was so funny.
00:50:49 Speaker 13
Sorry. But yeah, that's me. I'm just gonna talk to them. Yeah. Uh, Gloria. Yeah. She's good. She's chill. I met her last year. Yeah, she was going over there. I know her. Where did you know her from? I don't really know her. But I met her at the information session for the junior dev.
00:51:15 Speaker 1
She's so funny, bro. I got it. I applied for that. What's the line? There's so many people talking about her. I mean, yeah, she's the only exception. I'm probably going to do it right. Okay. How many can go to four, right? I'll think about it. I'm just going to go to four.
00:51:47 Speaker 1
Okay. You're good. You're going to be the long line. I'm going to go. It's not going to be long. It's just going to go to four, right? That's not going to be long. But she was there. She stepped up.
00:52:27 Speaker 1
Can I use your LinkedIn, bro? Oh, for sure, yeah. Oh, you can just scan my...
00:52:46 Speaker 14
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Sorry? No, no, I always connect with people on... It's pretty cool. And it's useful. Yeah, LinkedIn is very powerful.
00:53:17 Speaker 14
You must use LinkedIn well.
00:53:21 Speaker 1
I think a lot of us still do it like because it's like part of the brand, you know, like, oh, you're a solder student, you should be using one thing. But a lot of people don't actually use it to the full extent.
00:53:31 Speaker 14
Yeah, I mean, I'm in fourth year, you guys are in second year probably, right? Yeah, it's been very helpful for me to find new opportunities and stuff.
00:53:47 Speaker 1
Most of my, like, coffee chats, like, yeah, I mean, yeah. It still works, but it's kind of fun. Like, I don't know, social media is like a very busy, complicated place. LinkedIn's like that, but on the professional side, which is oftentimes a little bit less messy. Because, like, people care about impressions on their posts, so it's like best face forward. I don't know, I find it kind of interesting.
00:54:15 Speaker 14
What stream are you guys thinking? I mean as of now I think L'Oreal made their case the most clear and Disney the guy kept it more vague so yeah yeah once we get more information but before that.
00:54:52 Speaker 14
we need go to sign sign up already.
00:55:00 Speaker 1
T6, so we couldn't come to that, so we gotta go update him on that, which is not the issue that we can't even update him much, because we don't even know what the other two are doing, so Disney wants to do a loyalty program, and then Adobe wants a loyalty program for Jensen, and then what was the word I was going to ask again, it was kind of a, yeah, but it was very specific,
00:55:32 Speaker 1
and I wanted to be like, whoa, this is why you should buy this new, like, you know CeraVe for skin, this is why you should also get us for new, and this is why we're buying them, like, potential news, and this is why we're also, like, I like that combination too, it's like scientific but also kind of like fun, weird and fun. It's simple. Yeah. Because the first thing I think about is smart, quirky and scientific.
00:56:15 Speaker 1
Did you say hi? There's too many people in the back. What? There's way too many people in the back.
00:56:21 Speaker 15
So you have to go at the end. That's why I never say hi to my program. There's like a four people. I know, right. 
00:56:28 Speaker 1
Four people. I love you though. I love you. I have never genuinely asked someone about it. I have just found them. That's ominous. I don't know where they are. I may not know who they are, but I know where.
00:57:06 Speaker 1
Who is most likely to win today, huh? We could do a movie. Literally, if we did a Dota, we could do a Dota event. Yeah, that's the issue. My main issue is that if we go with Toby, we're going to get up against people who actually know what the fuck they're doing. Exactly. But you use Adobe, right? No, I just use Adobe. Adobe is like...
00:57:39 Speaker 13
We should, like, try our product. I was like, that's genius marketing right there. I was like, that's genius marketing. This is literally what I'm talking about.
00:57:48 Speaker 1
Yeah. Like, that's in the middle of it. So, like, that's super smart. We could go down there and try it, like, right now. That's super smart. What time is it? 7. Lunch? This is dinner time. Have you ever watched the movie, That's Cool? I don't think I've watched enough of it. I know about it.
00:58:21 Speaker 1
It's time. You know.
00:58:28 Speaker 14
Are you doing a Bachelor of Science? Sorry? Are you doing a Bachelor of Science? Yeah, yeah, I'm actually... This is my last semester in school, so... I usually do... I mean, the last four months, I've done 10, 12 Bhagatons in case competitions and... Really? Yeah, I love this stuff. I love problem solving and, you know, so... Yeah, this is... In the four years... Five years I've been in university, I haven't done this imprint. Although I had my eyes on it for all these years, but... So I thought, before leaving university, I should...
00:58:58 Speaker 14
We don't see a lot of, like, non-business kids... Yeah, yeah. But I think it's all about problem solving, again. Much like in computer science or anything, in a hackathon, the core of it is problem solving. The tools that you use... There you might use code as a tool to solve a problem. Here we're using strategy and whatever to solve a problem.
00:59:29 Speaker 15
So you had started in the past semester. So you started in the past, but what was your favorite? Which one has been your favorite so far? Is there a specific case you remember? Oh, yeah.
00:59:39 Speaker 14
So there was this ocean. It's called the Global Ocean Hackathon. It's a global challenge, and they have the regionals in every country or multiple regionals in a country as well. So they had a regionals in Victoria. We had a team. It's about solving challenges for the ocean. So we develop machine learning algorithms. But that's secondary. Then again, machine learning is a tool to solve the problem. Firstly, those are deep oceanographic problems.
01:00:10 Speaker 14
So you get 48 hours to solve it. And it's kind of an expert level case. So you are. No, no, no. I'm mentored by experts as well. But again, you've got to understand oceanographic physics in those 48 hours, the mathematics, of it and a lot of stuff and then build something on it. So we won in Victoria and then the global finale was in France. So we were sent to France, I was in France in December and we won the second place in France too. So it was the first time in nine years that Canada won any of the prizes so it was pretty.
01:00:46 Speaker 14
cool. You guys packed a lot of learning into those 48 hours. about yeah in case competition it's not even about the best problem solver it's usually the group that presents it the best wins so uh presentation the way you present how creatively you present uh is the real thing so yeah we did um there's this program.
01:01:26 Speaker 15
at a program called junior dev right yeah jdc yeah we did the junior development program at the end honestly we were really rushed the entire time we didn't expect um especially because our visuals weren't the best but we had the best storytelling yeah.
01:01:46 Speaker 14
yeah being able to tell the entire yeah yeah they really like that yeah um.
01:01:55 Speaker 15
My dad was telling me he... You know it's called the ocean...
01:01:59 Speaker 14
It's the global ocean hackathon.
01:02:02 Speaker 15
They went to France for the finals and they ended up winning second place.
01:02:07 Speaker 14
That was really cool.
01:02:10 Speaker 15
Are you majoring in computer science. 
01:02:13 Speaker 14
That's a big one. How do you like it? I like it. It's been good. I like experimenting with stuff. Solving problems. My degree is mostly done now. Just the last semester. It was more than the technical stuff I learned in classes. I've done a lot of internships. Even full time jobs while I was doing my courses. That's been a good experience.
01:02:46 Speaker 15
My aunt, she's a software engineer at Microsoft. She was telling me that back when she went to school, She learned all these different coding languages and then actually working, she barely uses them now. It's all, you end up having to learn different languages on the job so much. That problem solving aspect is pretty crazy. A lot of on the spot learning, I guess, or self-directed. Right, right.
01:03:11 Speaker 1
Yeah. How did you guys be able to talk to the people who won the prize. 
01:03:23 Speaker 14
Oh yeah, that'll be interesting. Have you participated in any other competitions. 
01:03:34 Speaker 15
Not much. I think last year wasn't a very extracurricular year.
01:03:38 Speaker 1
I've actually judged for one, but it was like high school. So I don't think that really is an experience. It's more like just comparing. At different levels, I guess, I believe. It was still interesting. I think, uh... Because, like, these guys were, like, probably, like, my age, right? Mm. Well, although I would say... I would still say I'm pretty impressed. Yeah. I almost said, like, I was pink.
01:04:14 Speaker 1
This was, like, the... Also, like, the reason for showing up. Right. I had a lot of tears, like, in terms of time. Like, you should do okay, Scott. But I was like, I'm busy. And they're like, no, you're not. No, you're not. You've got no time to do okay stuff. I'm like, ah, fuck. Yeah, you're right. I decided to do this one because it seemed like it was, like, probably the biggest marketing one.
01:04:39 Speaker 14
So, what are you guys majoring in. 
01:04:41 Speaker 15
So, because we're second years.
01:04:43 Speaker 14
Yeah.
01:04:43 Speaker 15
We haven't specialized yet. Yeah, yeah. But Ash and I are both thinking of doing marketing at the end. Okay. Um, we get to choose some specialization. Right. Okay. So, we're probably gonna do...
01:04:52 Speaker 1
Oh, like... I might, I might probably, I might do marketing and BTN to other people, because I, like, I think the tech side is important, and I want to be able to, like, in case, like, it's, like, necessary for me in the future, I think it would be more advantageous if I was around a little bit more.
01:05:08 Speaker 15
I have also considered that, actually, because I want to do, like, product management, so there's a lot, um, there's a lot of, there's different types of product management, technical or, like, website, but I think the technical, at least knowing what the technicals are a little bit.
01:05:23 Speaker 14
Yeah, I mean, knowing what exists and how technology can be used to implement anything in marketing or... yeah especially right now so much so much incredible tech has come up for marketing especially marketing content content creation generation and even even editing Adobe has come up with so much in AI integration it within the premier pro platform as well so those are some interesting things.
01:06:00 Speaker 1
yeah yeah. I don't.
01:06:34 Speaker 1
He graduates next year. He wants to do like a tech show. He of course wants to do a tech show. Who doesn't want to do a tech show? Yeah, well like robotics. What's he graduating from? Sorry? What major is he graduating from? Engineering and physics. Yeah, so he's doing like, but like robotics I think is like his true passion because like he has like this little like side like velture. It's more like this. He has a little like side velture.
01:07:05 Speaker 1
That one said he'd make fun of me. Yeah. yeah so my friend wants like he like has like this little like almost volunteer thing yeah yeah he has a bunch of friends and they have like one of those little robot dogs like the ones that i don't know what they're called but they have like they're kind of like.
01:07:38 Speaker 1
the trucks and they go like something like that and they're like uh but the one that the version they have i think that's crazy i think it's a bit more easy and then they do like uh demos for younger kids so they take the dog to like schools yeah yeah i mean he wants to keep on moving for the reason i don't know what exactly but like we've joked around a lot though we can still sort it together i'll do the business side okay i'll just agree with him we can't afford this.
01:08:12 Speaker 1
although this is a great idea unfortunately it's like like a hundred thousand away from what we actually have i don't know we'll see he has a brain.
01:08:28 Speaker 14
so did you guys register for the for this already.
01:09:02 Speaker 1
yeah, it's like 20 bucks, not that much if you do it like last year it was like 40 bucks, so next year is 25, then it's 30 hi everyone let's get down here and get everyone a kiss. throw another one at you.
01:09:54 Speaker 10
Okay, I hope everyone enjoyed their snack. I just want to clarify something for the people who are still here. Thank you for staying. Main thing being that if you're a case competitor, you still have to buy tickets for the conference. Otherwise, we can't guarantee that you have. We have a capacity for the people who can be at the venue. So, like we said before, if you are a finalist, we won't reimburse your ticket. But everybody else can still have to buy a ticket for it. Does that make sense? Okay. And then last thing being that we have ticket tiers and they're already slowly selling out. So super early bird is out. That was like 20 bucks or something. And then early bird is almost selling out. That's 25. And this is going to keep going up in $5 increments. So if you care about your money, you better buy them fast.
01:10:37 Speaker 2
All right. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. So now we can get everyone's attention back to the front once again. Today here we have three past imprint case winners. You guys really want to pay attention here because this is your key to making your mark. If you get the reference. okay so we're going to begin with a quick little introduction each person you guys can just say.
01:11:08 Speaker 2
your name and then like maybe a bit about who you are a fun fact and then we'll get into an open panel q a so i do see that there's a lot of entities here if you guys want to come on closer that's fine too and then yeah just come up with any questions you have today thank you hi everyone.
01:11:29 Speaker 11
my name is claire i did the case of two years ago so our team won the general mills case comp and it was an awesome time i'm excited to talk about it i guess fun fact um i have a dog named macha she's a shiba inu and she actually got spayed this week so she's in a healing process she feeds her comb um i guess professional experience i thought the case comp was like genuinely one of my favorites i've done and not just this to like glaze.
01:12:00 Speaker 11
But it was a great CaseMop. I had a great time, and I think it set me up for a lot of my successes in the future. I definitely talked about the CaseMop a lot in interviews after we competed, and it was super helpful. I ended up working at L'Oréal that year, and then I previously did an internship at our school for some professional stuff. I'm also a career peer advisor, so maybe some of you in the room know me. I sit in front of these Facebook appointments with me.
01:12:30 Speaker 16
Hi, everyone. My name is Alice. I'm a fourth-year finance student, and I also won two years ago for the TELUS case. A little bit about me in terms of professional experience. I'm a marketing student, I'm not even close, I'm in finance, so I did my past two internships at RBC Capital Markets in the equity research department, and then next summer I'm going into consulting, so I'm going to do an internship there. Fun fact about myself is, if we're talking about animals, I have a cat named Zuko, he's really cute, I don't know what breed he is, he's grey, but yes, really happy to be here.
01:13:05 Speaker 17
Thanks, Alice. So, hello, everybody. My name is Ethan Ruggiero. I'm a third-year finance student, and similar to Alice, like, I didn't really have marketing experience kind of coming into this case competition, but regardless, it was a great experience. I won last year, part of the virtual case competition, so pretty fresh off some tips, I guess, if you guys want to ask it. I guess, professionally, I've done internships with CABC. I've done a couple in their HR department, but then also in asset management, and then this summer, sales and trading, and then in the fall, in consulting with KPMG.
01:13:40 Speaker 17
So, I've had some experience in half of everything. Fun fact is I also have a cat, too, and it's British Shorthair. Its name is Doggy, so very, you know, opposite from a cat, but yeah, cool.
01:13:57 Speaker 2
Thank you, Claire. And Ethan. So, now we're going to begin with any Q&As that you guys may have. This is a perfect opportunity to ask personal questions, or honestly anything that's a little less technical even. Yes, Theo. 
01:14:13 Speaker 10
If you had a chance to redo the case competition, what would you tell yourself. 
01:14:21 Speaker 8
And what's one thing you'd change? Well, I guess that's the same thing.
01:14:24 Speaker 11
Same thing. I don't actually know, like I genuinely thought everything went pretty amazing. I don't know, I think like, I had a lot of fun, and this was a case comp that my mindset going in, even like two years ago, was like, although I'm in second year, I don't really have much experience. I knew I had a great team, and we prioritized our enjoyment of the case comp more than anything. So perhaps instead of feedback for this case comp, for other ones I've done in the past, or ones I've done after,
01:14:59 Speaker 11
I just put a lot of pressure onto myself. And it just made the whole world easier. It made the whole process really... stressful and unenjoyable and at the end of the day if you win or even if you don't like it's a great experience either way, And I would say just don't put that kind of pressure on to yourself I know there's also times where if you put that on your team your team might not survive It's like definitely a test of your friendship as well So let this be an opportunity to grow closer and bond and not have it destroy relationships, That would be my tip, but I think my team didn't do that. It was awesome.
01:15:34 Speaker 16
I think my answer is like, not the exact opposite, but I think since Imprint, Imprint was one of my first case competitions that I did also in second year, I've basically just like re-learned how to case, and so every time I reopen that slide deck, I'm like, oh, so many things I could have done better, so many things to learn from, and I think that's maybe the one tip that I would give you guys in terms of things I would have done differently. I think Imprint is like a really, really great introduction to just marketing knowledge, it's a really good like concentrated exposure of what it would be like to actually provide consulting recommendations, and I wish that I kind of utilized that knowledge, utilized the judges a little bit more, and carried over that knowledge into my future case competitions, because as a finance student, not a lot of other opportunities for me to learn marketing, so it was very helpful overall, and I just wish I applied those skills a little more in the future.
01:16:20 Speaker 17
Yeah, I think, you know, definitely the biggest part, you know, some small things I guess I would change is, you know, definitely your team dynamic is so important. I think the way you show up on presentation day, I mean, we were coordinated, but if I had to run it back, I want us to be like super mega coordinated. I see what JDC gets up to. They have like bands. They're like, they're decked out the team. They're like, you know, we should have been wearing Herschel. We should have had the Herschel like fit on the whole time. Like, I think what makes it so fun imprint is that you're able to really get into the brand and really own the character and what you're doing. And I think the more you lean into the brand, the more you lean into the character, it definitely helps. And it's super fun to like build a deck that has like Herschel branding or whatever term you, you know, company you're working for. It really.
01:17:05 Speaker 17
Sets the tone and helps you get into the element. So, you know, I would just dial that up for me personally But yeah, it was a really fun fun experience So really lean into the brand lean into the experience and you end up talking to some amazing people I think we chatted to you we presented the CFO of Herschel, which was really cool. Thank you for the advice any questions from.
01:17:40 Speaker 11
Yeah, that's a fabulous question, honestly. I think for our team, we really valued etiquette at the event. I don't know if it's definitely not said to you that when you're there, make sure you show up early. Make sure you're all dressed up well and presentable. I feel like it's the little things and the details that set you apart, whether that's a color coordination or something that gives you an extra edge. We also make sure to introduce ourselves, shake the hands of the judges. And the judges, if they're there, early as well, right?
01:18:13 Speaker 11
Anything you can really do that shows your professionalism, I thought was helpful and made our team perhaps that much more.
01:18:25 Speaker 16
I think for me I would highlight two things. I think first of all we went all out on the slides and I can accredit that not to me but I had a teammate who was very good with all these like PowerPoint animations. I think we had a little bazaar on our presentation. We had like a bunch of like really like fun mock-ups. I think that's one where it's just like people can tell you put effort into it. People can tell how much thought it's in in the presentation. And then the second thing that I want to highlight I think for a marketing presentation from my understanding is the most important thing that you can do is understand the consumer and understand what drives the consumer. What motivates them. What are the current gaps between the consumer and the product that you're trying to market to them. And if you showcase an accurate understanding of that and then also present a recommendation that very much is linked to that understanding and has this very clear connection that is going to what make your recommendation make sense. That is what's going to set your recommendation apart.
01:19:14 Speaker 16
Because I think the worst thing that you can do is pitch something that doesn't make sense and how you pitch something that doesn't make sense is by not understanding the core problem that you have. And so I think that's something that we really tried to focus on and that I hope came true. Everyone set our team apart a little bit.
01:19:27 Speaker 17
Yeah, I think definitely for my group, I think two things. Number one is really looking at the brand, and specifically the company's core values as a place to start and start originating solutions. When you come into that perspective and you come into presenting to a judge, like the CFO or C-suite of a company, the brand, the strategic plan, I think is so important to them. So incorporating that in some certain ways, whether it's a part of your recommendation or whether it's a part of your slide, I think it just shows that you've done.
01:19:58 Speaker 17
a little bit more research than most. And then secondly, it's really putting yourself, in the shoes of your consumers. For us, in our solution, we pitched to kind of have our own private label brand for university students who are interns. You know, you go to, I work at CNBC, they give you a whole bunch of swag on the first day. And it's like, weird off-brand stuff, but our pitch was like, why don't we give them Herschel? Why don't we give the next emerging class.
01:20:28 Speaker 17
of business people Herschel bags that they can take into their generation? So what really set us apart is that we put ourselves in the shoes of us every day. We understand the consumer, and B is really looking at some of the key values of Herschel, which was sustainability, looking at the next generation, looking at how their products are tailoring into the future, and that was kind of more like techy bags for the workplace. So I think that's really big. The more research you can do, putting yourself in the shoes of the consumer, and looking in the strategic plan, I think is very valuable.
01:21:00 Speaker 3
All right, thank you for those great answers, and I think I have another question here.
01:21:04 Speaker 2
Yeah. Thank you guys so much for especially. I was wondering, because I know everyone for at least this time doing case competitions, so I was wondering, when you get a case comp, how do you guys approach it? What are the aspects you guys approach it. 
01:21:24 Speaker 11
Great question. I'm sure you still have one as well, I think. My approach to this case, honestly, it was one of my first as well. I believe it was like, they're my second inside shotter. I think my strategy going in, just approaching the case even before reading it, was having a really, really solid team. And I really want to stress that you want to work with people that you can trust. Not only trust as in they're your besties, but trust they'll put in the same amount of effort, do good work, they can present.
01:21:55 Speaker 11
And also, you have great chemistry. So looking at the case, maybe I can even answer a little bit more of your question. But even though perhaps I would say our team didn't have the most innovative solution, we were, in my opinion, the best presenters that day, because we practiced like crazy. We stayed up for multiple days practicing. We would stand against the wall, practice, make sure everything was memorized. And just making sure you went up with that level of confidence that perhaps some other teams might not have.
01:22:28 Speaker 11
And when you are at such a level of confidence going in, you're able to be so natural. I remember in our presentations, not only did we, you know, each person step up when they were talking and step back down, we all nodded along when someone said something really important. And we even opened up the opportunity to crack a joke every once in a while, which I think made our presentation stand out. And I think maybe standing out, something I wanted to say that I got inspired from your answers was like, I would say although our solution to the case, it was for General Mills and it was for Nature Valley Granola Bars,
01:23:05 Speaker 11
like our idea was more simple. I think we targeted different age demographics and created like different value propositions. And I know some groups from what I can remember two years ago, they're like, oh, let's put on a music festival, or let's put on something like huge. But we went realistic with it, and we executed it well. And a piece of feedback we got from the judges was that this is something we would actually do, and we could see us doing it really easily and well. So I would honestly even emphasize going clean, simple, well-executed, rather than you have the biggest, craziest idea.
01:23:42 Speaker 11
Maybe for the animation case, I don't know. But make it realistic.
01:23:48 Speaker 16
Yeah, to echo Claire's point a little bit here, I also judged Imprint last year, and I can emphasize that the presentation piece is very, very important. You can tell the teams that have, like, half of case competitions is confidence. If you have confidence, that's sometimes even more important than, like, quality of ideas, even though quality of ideas is more important. It's also important. To answer your point a little bit directly on what do you do when you approach a case competition, Imprint was also the second case competition that I've ever done in my entire life. But, again, echoing the point, team is super-duper important.
01:24:19 Speaker 16
I got carried enormously through that competition, but since then, developed a little bit more skills. In terms of how to read a case, I think... three key things that you need to look out for. The first thing is what is the fundamental underlying issue that the business is facing? Sometimes it's one, sometimes it's more than one. And the most important thing is that you identify that issue correctly. A lot of the times that issue is gonna be laid out very explicitly in the case, either on the first date or on the last date. If you get that issue wrong, if you don't identify the issue correctly, nothing else that you do matters.
01:24:50 Speaker 16
because you may have the best and the most exciting recommendation, but it's not gonna actually fix any of the problems that they're having. So understanding the issue that the business is facing is the first and most important thing. The second thing is understanding the capabilities of the company. You need to know that like a marketing strategy for General Mills is going to be very different than a marketing strategy for Herschel's or for a small company or you need to understand first of all what the business is looking to do and what they are actually capable of doing and you need to find a way to bridge the gap between that and solving your key issue. And so understanding what the key issue is and.
01:25:25 Speaker 16
understanding how you can actually tangibly fix it without overstepping on what the business is capable of. I think are the two most important things that I would look for when starting with.
01:25:34 Speaker 17
Yeah, just kind of to add on to your point, who here has taken COMM 101 or is taking it right now? I think I should see all these hands up. I love that. So, you know, I'm a COMM 101 TA right now, so I'm going to plug a little bit, but genuinely, when I was approaching this case, I think there's a lot of frameworks that you can use in COMM 101, whether that's a business model canvas, whether that's an issue priority matrix, or even more so, just like simple SWOT analysis. That sort of framework can really help structure your ideas, can help structure how to approach a case.
01:26:04 Speaker 17
You might get it and be like, wow, this is a lot, this is like two to three pages. What's going on? Once you've done what Alex was talking about, you're going to be able to go back and look, But identifying the problem, you know, I remember when I was, you know, doing my case for Herschel, like, we pulled up some of those frameworks for, from COM 101. We pulled up the cheat sheet on all the formulas for forecasting, for modeling. So, definitely recommend and leverage that. You guys, if you're taking COM 101 or you're taking it right now, you learn a lot of overlapping strategies.
01:26:35 Speaker 17
And I think it's very, very important to what you're going to be doing here for this case competition.
01:26:41 Speaker 3
Thank you again for the great answers and the great questions. Do we have any more questions from, oh, yeah.
01:26:51 Speaker 7
This is kind of like specific to presentations, but like, I think Claire mentioned like humor is a great addition to add to your presentations. It's also something I'd like to use personally. But in past experience, I've had some like, I'm not doing it, I don't think during an actual conference, but like in preparation to some people, some mentors told me that maybe like. tone it down a little bit. So I just wanted to know exactly where we draw the line between reaching professionalism and still keeping it kind of like life-ending and fun.
01:27:16 Speaker 11
That's a great question. And honestly, it's confusing, right? Cause there is definitely a line between like, ha ha, that's like clever versus like, you serious, you know? I would say that's kind of my gauge, right? Like if you and your team present over and over and over again, some things will just become natural. And like, I would lean on the side of cleverness rather than like, is this necessary? So perhaps using like humor within like a transition versus like it being the main point of a slide,
01:27:48 Speaker 11
you know, it's more to support your presentation. Like obviously I don't think humor is like a strategy that most people should go after. It's just kind of happened. But I would say it's like you think with like emphasize a little point, like make it fun and interesting, make it engaging, then implement it. But if it's something that you're like trying to stick in there to be like, oh, I need to add a little humor. I think that's what will make my presentation special. I would rather you not. Maybe I can give my example of what our team did. I think reflecting back on two years ago when we presented, I think for the General Mills case,
01:28:24 Speaker 11
like we were transitioning between like the like first analysis part of our presentation to like the meat of it. When we went into recommendations, we transitioned it like hope you're still hungry. Now we're going to go to the recommendations. Just a little clever, quirky line. We thought it was fun to say, and the judges gave us a chuckle. So it's just something like that. I would err on the side of safety rather than saying too much. Does that make sense? OK, sweet.
01:28:57 Speaker 11
I thought that was a pretty targeted question. No, in a good way, like directed question. If anyone else on the floor. Any other questions? Yeah.
01:29:13 Speaker 13
So you mentioned call model line as a resource. Do you guys have any other resource end us that would build our case. 
01:29:24 Speaker 11
Do you guys have any case references? I don't know where you would find those. But I know I have some friends who are pretty proficient in case comms. And, What my team did was like I might have asked like a friend or two to look over our deck just to make sure it's like Hey, you're actually like super experienced that maybe they were in GDC or something I'm like does our deck look okay because we were all we weren't in those clubs at the time, I thought that was helpful, but I'm sure you guys have some more resources.
01:29:55 Speaker 16
Yeah for resources I think asking a friend is the most useful thing like, Leverage the resources that you have leverage the network that you have if you obviously like I'm sure a lot of you guys are First year and second year you might not have like the upper year friends or the network to be like hey Can you look over my slide deck? I think for that, You can search up GDC presentations on YouTube you can search up other case competition presentations on YouTube What the presentation structure and slide decks could look like like what are some key points that you need to hit?
01:30:27 Speaker 16
What I would emphasize is that like GDC are like a lot of these common, I wouldn't necessarily want to leverage the slide structure for that, because you should probably be able to do a nicer slide show than what people can do in three hours, but YouTube is really good. Just Googling these templates, you'll get a lot of nice, good structure, and then you can also Google marketing recommendations or effective marketing tactics for company XYZ, just to get a little bit inspired. I would also advise you against, one, ideating with ChatGPT.
01:30:59 Speaker 16
I've judged a lot of cases and case competitions for a variety of things, and you can always tell when someone used ChatGPT to come up with a recommendation, because it's always just really stupid. You can use ChatGPT for other things in a case, just not for recommendations, and also avoid using a template, copy-paste. I've also judged case competitions where I recognize the slides, and I know the person didn't make those slides, and it doesn't come off as authentic and... as dedicated. So use resources, leverage the network that you have, leverage Google, but.
01:31:32 Speaker 16
make sure that the ideas and the work you're putting out is still your own, because I'm sure your judges will be able to tell if it is not.
01:31:38 Speaker 17
Yeah, like, you know, I brought up come one and one because, you know, I do not believe you need to go super complicated in terms of your prep and resources. Like, you can get away with some of the things you learn from that class. And I think applying some of the frameworks in that class are really well. You know, even just talking about the AI piece, you know, it's so important that you ideate with your teammates to come up with a solution. I think we really use AI to leverage our research or to get some of our facts, right? You can use Copilot or Google Gemini or whatever, which pulls facts all the way. Or at least some resources, which I think can definitely speed up the time. But it never was like, oh my gosh, okay, upload the case to chat and then, you know, plug it out and see what solutions. I think it's a lot more natural. And that's what, you know, we did here was you sit in a room for two hours and we literally wrote out any idea that came into our mind on how do we address, how does this address the target market? How are we, you know, looking at the brand? How are we looking at the strategic planning? You have to go through that two hours, three hours,
01:32:38 Speaker 17
hours or however long it takes to come up with a solution on call or in person to really land on a great idea and I think you guys may have echoed that as well, you can't really take shortcuts in my opinion when you're finding a solution for a case and they're written in a way that there is going to be scenarios where you have to ideate in person, like AI can't just, it'll spit out something but it'll be very generic, adding your own flair is how you really do well in this conversation.
01:33:14 Speaker 3
Amazing advice once again and I think we're just going to do one last question to wrap it up so if anybody has any questions. Alright well we have a question again so, what part of the case did your team spend the most time refining and why. 
01:33:38 Speaker 11
Yeah, that's a really great question. Again, I would say when it comes to refinement, we really did struggle with, I think, two things, like financial analysis was harder for us at the time, because we just didn't really take those classes yet. And I would say the analysis was quite difficult for us, too. I think we were trying to just find the balance of how much information to present and how to present it in a concise way.
01:34:09 Speaker 11
And I'm sure I'm kind of echoing you guys, but having that deep understanding and being able to speak about the case through, and how do I say this? You come almost like you work for the company is something that I think. is like what was the goal there and what was tried what we tried to achieve and i think that was difficult because you know we're not brand managers we were just second year students um.
01:34:41 Speaker 11
and it was difficult to refine those steps and to be able to like come up with very specific things like i think i was here for the earlier session and specificity really came up and i just want to really emphasize that once again for you guys like be specific kind of put your mind in the. housework and how they how they speak and try to that's a bit vague guys but yeah that's what.
01:35:12 Speaker 11
you're getting at that's what you're doing yeah i'm sure you'll do a better job but good question.
01:35:19 Speaker 16
Yeah, maybe for those in first year and second year who might not exactly know what the components of a case competition are or components each case competition should have is the analysis where you figure out the key issues and kind of set up the stage, the recommendation and strategy where you pitch whatever you want to pitch, the implementation, which is like the tangible step by step. How do you make this happen? Do we hire more employees? Do we like have this kind of like planning system, whatever. And then the final piece is the impact or the financials. I would say that you should probably allocate 30% of your time into analysis, 30% of your time into recommendation, and then split the rest between implementation and financials. I will say the implementation financials, especially for a marketing case, are not that important. You should still have them, obviously, just because that's what's going to keep your case tight. That's what's going to make your ideas make sense. But the most important part is having good strategic reasoning, demonstrating a good understanding of the case issue, and also having something that makes sense.
01:36:17 Speaker 16
I mean, something either very, creative or very logical and hopefully both that you can pitch through so that is how i don't remember how we allocated our time but if i were to make this recommendation that's how i would allocate my time personally and also i would recommend that you have people who specialize, for certain things so have an analysis specialist have an impact specialist and so they will dedicate more time to those specific sections and have kind of ownership in terms of making sure that they are very fleshed out so the time allocation doesn't have to be equal amongst.
01:36:46 Speaker 17
all four people of the team yeah i think kind of almost echoing a little bit of what claire was talking about for me and my team i think at least my experience it was kind of the analysis part you know that might seem very trivial because you know oh you're just doing market research, but it's really about putting yourself in the shoes of the company you're speaking